Document persistent context and file storage (#1465)
flowforge/flowforge: docs/user/README.md

that connects back to the platform to receive updates.

 - [Working with Devices](devices.md)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Working with Files and Context

> FlowForge supports reading and writing persistent files and persistent context in the cloud.

Reviewer: Not always FlowForge Cloud though. 

```suggestion
FlowForge supports reading and writing persistent files and persistent context. Files and context written can thus be retrieved after for example a Stack upgrade.
```

Author: ```suggestion
FlowForge supports reading and writing persistent files and persistent context in your Node-RED project wherever it runs.
```

Counter proposal.

Not keen on adding info like "when you upgrade your stack" as it dates very quickly.

Maybe we could add from V1.2 onwards?

Reviewer: @Steve-Mcl Each stack update you'll benefit? As a user it feels like I click the upgrade stack button each month or so?

Author: ```suggestion
FlowForge supports reading and writing persistent files and persistent context in your Node-RED project wherever it runs.  This provides the benefit of data surviving a project restart, stack upgrade and other scenarios.
```

Better?

Author: outdated

>  - [Working with Files](filenodes.md) - a set of nodes that provide file operations in a containered environment

Reviewer: The same nodes work for "devices" though? I'd just remove the trailer for both.

```suggestion
 - [Working with Files](filenodes.md)
```

>  - [Working with Context](contextplugin.md) - a Node-RED plugin that provides persistent context in a containered environment

Reviewer: The user likely doesn't know it's a plugin.

```suggestion
 - [Working with Context](contextplugin.md)
```
